You need to shred. A shredder is a wonderful thing because everything that you think is worthless is of value to someone else. Here's the problem. You saw an ad on TV, a guy was stealing a garbage bag out of a condo, and it told you to buy the shredder, so you ran down the store and bought it. The fact is there are three shredders. There are straight shredders called ribbon shredders, and they cut paper straight. At the FBI lab, we can put back a ribbon shredder in less than an hour and bring that bank statement to a federal judge for an indictment, and we won't miss a decimal point in the statement. So, that would be a worthless piece of equipment. There are some of you go out and buy a crisscross shredder called the diamond cut shredder, much better, but we can put back a document from a diamond cut shredder in about 8 hours at the lab like a bank statement and put it back into court for evidence after it had been shredded. So, again, you wasted your money. When you buy a shredder, since they're all the same price, obviously buy one that does what you want it to accomplish, and that is to destroy whatever it is you're trying to destroy, and that, of course, is a micro cut shredder. A micro cut shredder cuts paper into confetti, so it is absolutely impossible to put back together. This is the part I don't understand. You go to Office Depot, Staples, OfficeMax. They've taken three shredders, all three of them, out of a box and put them on display, and they plugged them in, and they put a stack of paper there so you could try them out. So, you went to the first one, and it cut long strips like this, and you went to the second one, and shorter strip, and the other one, confetti. Which one are you going to pick? Obviously, the one that's confetti. If you put a credit card in a crisscross shredder, the cutter is only capable of slicing the card in four even slices. So, if I empty the garbage bag, take the four slices out, put them on top of a desk, push them together, I have everything. Your name, your credit card number, your expiration date, your security code, your signature. But, if you put it in a micro cut shredder, it turns it into confetti. Every FBI office in America only uses micro cut
